---
title: "Golly"
date: "2025-12-04"
category: "morning-intention"
slug: "2025-12-04-golly"
excerpt: "Golly...  Today is the BIGGEST of Moons."
---

## Today's Intention

Golly... Today is the BIGGEST of Moons. The last big moon of 2025. So set your intentions. Harness the power of this huge Moon. What is your intention? For today, this month and how do you want to jump onto 2026? For me it's about a new job. I will be a Senior X. I'll move into a job that has Senior at the start of the job title very soon. I'll be very happy with my financial compensation and I'll be absolutely amazing at the new job. The world will be a objectivily better place by having me as a Senior X. Because productivity will increase, and my ability to love will increase. And a person with an increased capacity for love levels up all around them.

## I'm Grateful For

The opportunities capitalism creates. I love capitalism. The crazy chaos that we accept as our truth. Companies born and die everyday. It's the perfect self-correcting system. If the customer doesn't like a thing, that thing will die. If the customer loves it, it blooms. It is democracy manifest in the form of people voting with there money. No votes, your out. And there is lies the chaos. What will people want tomorrow? We place our bets and try again everyday. I love this chaos. I'm very grateful for the chaos that is capitalism.

## I'm Grateful For

Talking to people. I love a conversation. Please talk to me if you ever want a conversation. I know I would learn something, no matter the context. I hope you would too.
